added secrets (#113)
StanfordSpezi/SpeziKt: README.md

  application. [Read More](./modules/onboarding/README.md)
- **Contact**: Provides Contact screens. [Read More](./modules/contact/README.md)

### Continuous Integration and Delivery Setup

#### Google Play Internal Deployment

First, create a Google Cloud Services Account and corresponding JSON secrets key in accordance to the [fastlane supply](https://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/supply/) documentation. Store the JSON representation of the key in a `SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON_KEY` secret available to the GitHub action.

Follow along
the [Set up your Google APIs console](https://developer.android.com/identity/sign-in/credential-manager-siwg#set-google)
documentation to create a OAuth client ID. Store secrets.xml representation of the key in

> a `SERVER_CLIENT_ID` secret available to the GitHub action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a `SECRETS_XML` secret available to the GitHub action.
```
